# Assignment #2: Comic Strip

## Group Members:
- Yasmin Alshurafa
- Nouf Alabbasi
- Gopika Krishnan
- Thais Alvarenga Medina

## Project name:

Carlos in WonderClown

## Project Description: what is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create.

The project is an interactive, live-on web page comic that tells a suspense, mystery story. The story of our comic centers on a family that has just moved into their new home. As the parents enter their new home, their child sprees into the corridor, disappearing from sight. The parents soon begin to worry about their child and look around by going through the rooms. The first room they enter is filled with very old paintings but they did not pay much attention to it. Little did they know, in one of the paintings, their child was trapped. Now, the reader gets to see the perspective of the child. The child is in an amusement park, a very old one and he suddenly hears a sound far away. It belonged to a creepy clown holding a child and it welcomed him excitedly, exclaiming, "Now the fun begins, you're one of us now". Hearing this, the child screams for his parents, but soon, he was found by his parents in one of the rooms. The parents enquire whether he is okay, and he replies that all is fine - but as they leave - he transitions into the look of a clown. Here, we leave the reader to decide - is this their real child?
The overall concept and theme of the comic strip are to deliver suspense, mystery, open-ended story to the reader. This concept and theme are being delivered to the reader using the color scheme used, the layout of the web page, the comic strip drawings, and the story itself. 
In this project, we are striving to create a spooky story experience for the readers to interact with. We also strive to deliver a webpage that is interactive yet well-navigated for readers to explore. In this comic, we would like our readers to widen their imagination and think about what endings can the story have based on the events that happen.

## Process: How did you go about implementing the concept? Describe your role and what your contribution was.

We started by looking for a general theme to the story we wished to create. Not only that, but we looked for websites for inspiration. We were mainly inspired by the string website. This, later on, allowed us to lean towards, the general theme of suspense, murder, mystery for our comic. Our general story idea started with what elements we wished to have in it. For instance, we wanted the story to be open-ended. We also discussed themes related to the stories from the Goosebump books by RL Stine - especially the book, One Day at Horrorland.  The book narrated the story of a family that ended up in a spooky amusement park. This storyline had elements that combined fantasy, horror, and suspense, which we wanted for our comic. From there we brainstormed a couple of different scenarios for the story and ended up choosing the story of a family moving into a new house. This is because we wanted our panel arrangement and layout to be designed like a home, where each panel is a room. So, we worked on making a house to position the comics upon. For this, we were inspired by dollhouses and modeled our illustration out of that. After deciding on how we wanted the layout to look, we moved into choosing the other details. We looked at how to combine the different elements of the storyline we had in mind. Also, we chose how the main page would look and how the reader would navigate through the website. We also decided that our color scheme would be black and white with splashes of bright colors (red and yellow) to add to the contrast. This is because we were also inspired by the 1950s comics and wanted a hint of spookiness to be there. For the characters of the comic, we were inspired to incorporate the style of Tim Burton’s animated characters. His style added themes of mystery, darkness, and suspense to the comic. With these main details, we created a basic wireframe, a basic webpage layout and started with the house design. After the basic setup was completed, we finalized what each panel would portray and started sketching each room. The house and the comic panels were sketched on Adobe Illustrator. Once the basic setup was done, we added our final touch up such as the navigation bar, animations, effects, about page, and main page guide. Everything was combined later on, on one webpage and the comic was complete by then.

## Reflection/Evaluation: This should bookend the initial concept and talk about whether your expectations and goals were met in the process of building the final working version.

Our main goal for the project was a comic that would have elements of suspense and mystery. Our initial plan on achieving this was by incorporating such elements in the storyline itself, the way the comic was presented, and in the aesthetics of the comic. Now that our final product is ready, on reflection, we think that these elements have shaped up to what we envisioned. First, by the design and layout of the website itself, with jump scares and sound effects, we could establish that the website presented a comic with mystery elements. Second, the panels of the comic used black and white with sprinkles of red and yellow, and the characters were drawn modeled off of Tim Burton characters, which further augmented the experience of dark, shadowy settings. The storyline had elements of fantasy with the supernatural amusement park and the trapping of the child in a painting. The climax was also designed in a way so that we could have an open-ended story, which we had initially planned for. On the whole, the project encompassed the ideas we started with. 
